Notes:
When making a website be sure that the label comes before the 
input.
Make sure when using css style sheets, make sure you add the div class

Lecture Notes: 10-28-2021
1. Just spend time trying to get to the root cause of the problem 
and take small breaks.
2. When working on something test it frequently or else it won't 
work lol
I. Class selectors
3..,# class  selectors
#id class
hex code color codes are pretty useful

priority system where elements are listed by importance. 
If we have header and footer. we can pick a 
certain element by checking their class tag.

But what happens if we have an element with two different section?

we can select it by its id. for instance
#contact-section {background color: blue;}
section {background-color: red;}

The more specific it is-the more prioritized it is over 
the braod section.

II. Box model
    Good to make sure things don't overlapp and looks user friendly
    Consists of 4 elements.
        1. The intermost value of the Box (content)
            a. Images will contain the width and height.
        2.  Padding is whats outside of the content but before the border
        3. Last one is margin which determines the outside
        4. Border heighlights the overall outer rim of the border.

Specific commands
    margin-right: 20px;
    margin-top: 20px;
    margin-bottom: 20px;
    padding: 20px;
    border: 4px solid rgba(255, 0, 0, 1.0);

III. Positioning
    1. How we organize positioning and elements.
    2. Relative: If you want to move them if their position is relative and doesn't influence other elements of the page.
    position it anywhere.
    3. Absolute: Not a normal layout for the element-all otehr elements
    will act like they don't see that element.
        a. We all start with layer 0
        b. once they collide they can not touch.
        c. Absolute means that they will go infront instead of clashing
        d. removes itself from its ancestor.
        d. Imp: once you set it it respects the ancestors dimensions.
    4. Fixed: stays the same :/
    5. Effects: 
        a. Top effects vertical position.
        b. left effects horizontal position.
        c. z-index effects how the items will overlap.
IV. Readme
    1.Mark-downs: how to make it luk good. add it to the daily challenge
